Updated the tertiary project card (#277)
ServiceInnovationLab/serviceinnovationlab.github.io: _services_projects/entering-tertiary-life-event.md

quote:
media:
---
To better understand the tertiary education landscape, the Tertiary Education Commission (TEC) and the Lab completed a research discovery to identify two things: what people found challenging, and what opportunities lay in the experience of entering or re-entering the tertiary education system.

> The tertiary education system assumes that learning is a linear path when in fact change and interruption is natural and will occur particularly for the youngest demographic. Together with TEC we found a number of challenges people face who want to enter tertiary education. These include the quality and relevance of the information, the process they follow, and where they are in their life.   

Reviewer: trailing whitespace on this line

> The tertiary education system assumes that learning is a linear path when in fact change and interruption is natural and will occur particularly for the youngest demographic. Together with TEC we found a number of challenges people face who want to enter tertiary education. These include the quality and relevance of the information, the process they follow, and where they are in their life.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tertiary education system assumes that learning is a linear path when in fact change and interruption are natural and will occur, particularly for the youngest demographic. Together with TEC, we found several challenges people face who want to enter tertiary education. These include the quality and relevance of the information, the process they follow, and where they are in their life.
```

> The final output of the discovery was a [research report](https://www.tec.govt.nz/assets/Publications-and-others/67c259b154/Transition-to-Tertiary-Life-Event-Final.pdf) and it recommends a number of opportunities for the education sector to explore further. 

Reviewer: trailing whitespace on this line

## Approach and findings

> During the prediscovery exercise we focused on the needs of the consumer and the information and services they access. We interviewed and workshopped alongside 55 students and subject matter experts, and reviewed a wealth of research material. We looked at opportunities where things could be done differently. 

Reviewer: trailing whitespace on this line

> During the prediscovery exercise we focused on the needs of the consumer and the information and services they access. We interviewed and workshopped alongside 55 students and subject matter experts, and reviewed a wealth of research material. We looked at opportunities where things could be done differently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the prediscovery exercise we focused on the needs of the consumer and the information and services they access. We interviewed and workshopped alongside 55 students and subject matter experts, and reviewed a wealth of research material. We looked for opportunities to do things differently. 
```
( think this reads more active voice)

We focused on four areas specific to the needs of someone wanting to enter tertiary education. We looked at what might add value for both students and their supporters and influencers. We have an opportunity to learn from and design for what are typical changes during our lives.

1. “What do I need to know and understand to help me make the best choice for now and for my future?”

> Students and their supporters (family, peers, teachers etc) need to plan and decide their pathway into tertiary education. Not only what suits their present life but also their future aspirations. Information relevant to the students’ life, aspirations, personalities, and how different study options effect life outcomes will aid this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Students and their supporters (family, peers, teachers etc) need to plan and decide their pathway into tertiary education. Not only what suits their present life but also their future aspirations. Information relevant to the students’ life, aspirations, personalities, and how different study options affect life outcomes will aid this process.
```

Reviewer: The last sentence in this line is quite complex. Can it be made plainer english and with simpler words?

> 2. “What and when do I need to share information about myself, and what I want to do, with others?”

Reviewer: instead of writing `2. `, you can write `1. ` on every item, and then the markdown engine will number them for you on display. This means you don't need to renumber. You'd need to pull the paragraphs together into a bonafide list.

Reviewer: If you don't mean to make a list, you can instead have section titles with numbers in them.

Author: That's fab. Thanks.

Students need to provide the right information, from the right place at the right time. To increase efficiency and lessen unnecessary

> 

Reviewer: this stops mid-sentence, then adds a blank line. I suggest removing the blank line to join the sentences

 effort we can remove duplicate requests for existing information. Providing timely and actionable information about key choices and events will also help create certainty for students and their supporters so they don’t miss opportunities.

3. “Change is normal, and should be easy”.

> A typical student’s circumstances changes all the time. It means change in course of study is highly likely. It happens more often for first-time students and those transitioning from secondary school to tertiary education. Despite this, changing courses often results in significant personal and financial consequences for the student. We could recognise that change is normal and natural and assist students through these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical student’s circumstances change all the time. It means a change in the course of study is highly likely. It happens more often for first-time students and those transitioning from secondary school to tertiary education. Despite this, changing courses often results in significant personal and financial consequences for the student. We could recognise that change is normal and natural and assist students through these changes.
```

4. “Feeling included and supported is key to better outcomes.”

> Students who feel included and supported typically achieve better during study and after. There is an opportunity to raise and recognise students feelings of connectedness, acceptance, safety, and recognition of their abilities. We could also adapt teaching styles and mediums that help students and their supporters make the best study choices. 

Reviewer: Trailing whitespace again

> ## What was the research used for?

Reviewer: Questions in titles is considered bad form for structured content
